(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now we're ready
for our first code challenge for this course.
You're going to be working on some code
that is ripe with the SQL injection,
and you're going to remediate that code injection.
Let's go over a bit more detail for our challenge exercise.
First of all, I've written some code for you
and put it in the exercise files for this video.
Input the code from this chapter into your IDE.
Now if you look at the code it's pretty simple
and we're going to do it here in a moment,
but there are a couple of classes and a test class.
Open the test class and run it in your IDE.
You will see that two tests exist but only one passes.
This is actually a good strategy
that we will talk about more
when I show my solution to this exercise.
So let's take a look at the code here real quick.
Okay, I've loaded up the test class
and there's a couple things here that I want you to note.
So first of all on line 16,
you'll see that I have a database util that I wrote
that loads a file.
And this'll load some schema and data
into a in memory database.
Now it's critical here
that your code sits in a directory location
that is compatible with the class loader.
Sometimes spaces and other things in your file path
don't actually work with a class loader load file.
And you can take a look at that code in the database util.
You'll see that I'm just simply doing
a class loader get resource,
and those files exist in source main resources.
So now back to our test here.
You'll see that I've got two tests to get executed.
There's get by last name
and then get by last name with an injection.
And what I have in my dataset
is a list of all the presidents
of the United States of America.
And in there, exists from Washington to Trump.
So when we do a search on our test here on line 21,
we're searching for Washington,
and we expect to get one result back.
Now, when we do the injection,
we expect to get zero results back
because there is no president
whose name is Trump tick space or space tick one tick
space equals space tick one double quote.
So, that just doesn't exist in the database.
So we're going to expect to get zero results back.
But you'll see if we run this test,
our tests fail because there's an assertation error.
We got back 45 presidents.
We got back the entire dataset based on that query.
So our assertation failed.
And now that's your challenge
is to go fix the code so that both of these tests pass.